DBZ-9248 Add documentation for `extended.headers.enabled` configuration (#6594)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/partials/modules/all-connectors/ref-mariadb-mysql-adv-connector-cfg-props.adoc

ifdef::community[]
For more information, see https://github.com/osheroff/mysql-binlog-connector-java/issues/133[Issue 133] in the https://github.com/osheroff/mysql-binlog-connector-java[mysql-binlog-connector-java] GitHub repository.
endif::community[]

[id="{context}-property-extended-headers-enabled"]
xref:{context}-property-extended-headers-enabled[`extended.headers.enabled`]::
Default value: `true` +

> This configuration controls whether {prodname} includes additional context headers in emitted events.
> Those headers provide essential metadata for tracking and identifying the source of change data capture events in downstream processing systems and
> have the prefix **__debezium.context.** .
> 
> 
> Included headers are:
> 
> * __debezium.context.connectorLogicalName: The logical name of the Debezium connector
> * __debezium.context.taskId: The unique identifier of the connector task
> * __debezium.context.connectorName:  The name of the Debezium connector
> 
> *Note*: Those headers are required by the OpenLineage integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property specifies whether {prodname} adds context headers with the prefix `__debezium.context.` to the messages that it emits.

These headers are required by the OpenLineage integration and provide metadata that enables downstream processing systems to track and identify the sources of change events.

The property adds following headers:
[horizontal]
`__debezium.context.connectorLogicalName`:: The logical name of the {prodname} connector.
`__debezium.context.taskId:`: The unique identifier of the connector task.
`__debezium.context.connectorName`::  The name of the {prodname} connector.
```
